feat(sqlite): Run VACUUM operation after removing a room (#4651)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: crates/matrix-sdk-sqlite/CHANGELOG.md

- Implement the new method of `EventCacheStoreMedia` for `SqliteEventCacheStore`.
  ([#4603](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk/pull/4603))

> - Defragment the state store after removing a room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Defragment an sqlite state store after removing a room.
```

Author: Done
